 An app for recording short videos and sending them to Telegram chat or Yandex Disk.

Using the app, you can record short videos from the front or rear camera and automatically send them to Telegram or Yandex.Disk.

It can be useful for documenting illegal activity involving you or your phone.

 How it works:
When you launch the app, you'll be asked to grant permission to use the camera, record audio, and display persistent notifications.
Camera and microphone access are required for video creation, while persistent notifications are required for long-term background operation.
It's also recommended to disable battery optimization to ensure the app remains running in the background for extended periods.

After granting permissions, you can start recording.

If you haven't specified the details for sending files to Telegram or Yandex Disk, the files will remain in the /Android/data/com.safelogj.dfly/files/video/ folder until you delete them.
If you've provided the details for sending files to Yandex Disk, the files will be sent automatically regardless of internet connection (one attempt)
and will not be deleted from the /Android/data/com.safelogj.dfly/files/video/ folder.
If sent successfully, the file usually appears in Yandex Disk within 12 minutes.

If you've provided the details for sending files to the Telegram chat, the files will be sent automatically whenever there's internet access (until they're sent, but no more than two days).
After successfully sending, they will be automatically deleted from the /Android/data/com.safelogj.dfly/files/video/ folder.

If you specified data for sending files to both Yandex Disk and Telegram chat, the files will first be sent to Yandex Disk and then to Telegram chat.

The app interface can only be accessed from the shortcut on the screen the first time the app is launched, when it doesn't have permissions.
If the app has permissions, clicking the shortcut will immediately start recording (if it's not already running) with the front camera.
In this case, the interface can only be accessed by clicking the persistent notification in the status bar.
This is done so that you can quickly launch the app immediately after unlocking your phone if you're forced to do so.

When recording, the app automatically switches cameras:
- If the app is on the screen, recording is performed using the rear camera.
- If the app is minimized, recording is performed using the front camera.

Recording is always active while a persistent notification is displayed in the status bar.
Recording duration increases as the app is running, starting with 10 seconds for the first recording and then increasing in 10-second increments up to a maximum of 1 minute.

Data for sending video files:
To send to a Telegram chat, you need to specify the Telegram user ID in the app that will receive the video from the bot.
You need to create a bot in Telegram, specify the bot's token in the app, and send a message to the bot, such as /start, from the account that will receive the video from the bot (whose ID you specified).

To send to Yandex Disk, you need to create a Yandex account (don't use an existing one) and create a password for WebDAV apps in the email settings of that account.
Allow access to your mailbox using email clients.
In the application, enter the Yandex email address of the created account and the password you created for the apps.

For details, see the video instructions.